{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1036\deflangfe1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\li284\cf1\b\f0\fs14\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\fs24\lang2057 WD Trigger\par
\par
\b0\fs20 This example explains how to use the triggers with WINDEV. \par
A trigger is a WLanguage procedure automatically called by the HFSQL engine whenever a HFSQL function is run. \par
\par
The following topics are presented in this example:\par
1/ how to branch a trigger on a HFSQL function\par
2/ the code that must be used in the function called by trigger.\par
\par
Summary of the example supplied with WINDEV:\tab\par
This application is used to enter the expenses for the contributors of a company. \par
Two modes can be used:\par
- the mode with read/write rights\par
- the mode with read-only rights. \par
The triggers will be used to control the access to the files according to the current mode. \par
In this example, the triggers are also used to write the different events into a log file. \par
This log file can be directly consulted in the application.\par
\par
\par
\lang1036 ( ________________________________ \'b0 _________________________________ )\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\ul\fs14\lang2057 Conditions of Use.\par
\ulnone This program is supplied for training purposes.\par
The use of this program is the responsibility of the user. \par
PC SOFT will not be liable for damage or loss of any nature whatsoever, including data loss, corruption or deterioration as a result of using this program.\par
Any person owning a WINDEV 28 US license is authorized to use and/or modify the program and to use it in their own applications. \par
In this case all references to PC SOFT and/or to WinDev or WebDev must be removed.\par
You may not distribute or sell this example program without substantial modification or include it in another application unless the application is very large.\par
\par
No Hot Line Support is available for this program.\par
\par
CAUTION: Many users may have modified this program.  \par
Make sure that you are working with the original version of this program.\cf0\fs16\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\fs20\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
}
